Grammar and typos (#2398)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/0433-mutex.md

## Motivation

In concurrent programs, protecting shared mutable state is one of the core fundamental problems to ensuring reading and writing data is done in an explainable fashion. Synchronizing access to shared mutable state is not a new problem in Swift. We've introduced many features to help protect mutable data. Actors are a good default go-to solution for protecting mutable state because it isolates the stored data in its own domain. At any given point in time, only one task will be executing "on" the actor, and have exclusive access to it. Multiple tasks cannot access state protected by the actor at the same time, although they may interleave execution at potential suspension points (indicated by `await`). In general, the actor approach also lends itself well to code organization, since the actor's state, and operations on this state are logically declared in the same place: inside the actor.

> Not all code may (or want to) be able to adopt actors. Reasons for this can be very varied, for example code may have to execute synchronously without any potential for other tasks interleaving with it. Or the `async` effect introduced on methods may prevent legacy code which cannot use Swift Concurrency from interacting with the protected state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all code may be able (or want) to adopt actors. Reasons for this can be very varied, for example code may have to execute synchronously without any potential for other tasks interleaving with it. Or the `async` effect introduced on methods may prevent legacy code which cannot use Swift Concurrency from interacting with the protected state.
```

> Whatever the reason may be, it may not be feasible to use an actor. In such cases, Swift currently is missing standardized tools to offer developers which ensure proper synchronization in their concurrent data-structures. Many Swift programs opt to use ad-hoc implementations of a mutal exclusion lock, or a mutex. A mutex is a simple to use synchronization primitive to help protect shared mutable data by ensuring that a single execution context has exclusive access to the related data. The main issue is that there isn't a single standardized implementation for this synchronization primitive resulting in everyone needing to roll their own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whatever the reason may be, it may not be feasible to use an actor. In such cases, Swift currently is missing standard tools for developers to ensure proper synchronization in their concurrent data-structures. Many Swift programs opt to use ad-hoc implementations of a mutal exclusion lock, or a mutex. A mutex is a simple to use synchronization primitive to help protect shared mutable data by ensuring that a single execution context has exclusive access to the related data. The main issue is that there isn't a single standardized implementation for this synchronization primitive resulting in everyone needing to roll their own.
```
